good these fears to a new video
good rumor runs about a new
possible hidden mode we could say
custom warfare caps really like
I say this could be enough
quite fake as we all can
say all the leaks that arise
from a totally strange site because
good if a lot of people are doing
I miss you this news angel is not so
audible basically because it comes from
very very fucking sites not really
that can be invented by anyone
comes completely specifically from a
forum of a person supposedly
he has tried or has seen secretly
this mode usually does as a
day this was not put in reddit
and then this message that put the
shoulder was basically eliminated what
what did you say that will guanabará a new way
a fourth new mode called hills bound
that would be like a satanic way
we could say the player appears
we could say in a room well with
pentagram looks more covered in second
a room full of blood and all this
good everything very dark satanic and others
the game mode would be based we could
say in something quite similar to the way
treyarch zombies we would have bosses
we would have a multitude of enemies
different demons goat minotaurs
finish from between minotaur goat
we could say dark and then class
similar to what it would be in mode
extinction of infinity ward and then
we could also say that it would be for
eight players
of play would not only be limited to 4
when will be the pcd 4 versus 4 as the
zombie mode werder black ops' all
we have a basically good way
that there are neither pictures nor temper nor anything
leaked out there that you can not see
nothing of all this I the truth that yes
what do you want it to be or can it be
true or it can be a lie and my opinion
it can be for me false we did not
comes from nowhere, let me say what
I believe directly not at all or is it
as it does not come from anything is not that is how
then as if there is no source
legitimate so I do not really do not know
to tell you a lot you ask me about
this way but I really do not know that
tell you the text that this man put
it has been eliminated I do not know if it has been
removed by it or if it has been removed
by activision or why but this maybe
it increases the nervousness of the
people that if it can be true or can
be a lie because I do not know I do not know if
really the hammer game want
surprise people but next and
not three years to develop a mode
cooperative in conditions and mode
they taught us because it was not at all what
what people expected to have
cured and have done a mega way like this
demons and others that this ultra mega
handsome because I do not know the same, the same
mega new fashion better than the zombies and
all this but good I do not really
I think it looks he says otherwise
It looks like the way we
taught the cooperative is the one that is going to be
and it's already so good we'll see
what ends up happening until
you see the game that we will not know
is the typical mode that is discovered when
the game comes out and in fact we'll see
see what happens if
operate in light or not only will there be
wait and nothing my vote can be true
It may be entity really not me
I think directly I do not know the same way
wrong we prefer to be wrong
I prefer to go wrong with hype and that
I thought that's going to be true, not at all
I do not believe it if you want one of
you well this has made it a
uncle who is neither a developer nor anything
it's a guy out there loose and it 's the same
has filtered it like that when I
has leaked so now we see each other in
the next video nothing until the next